Webcontainer api copy updates (#70)
stackblitz/webcontainer-docs: docs/enterprise.md

---
title: &title Commercial Usage
description: &description Supercharge your production Node.js apps with a zero-footprint backend that eliminates the need for servers, boots in milliseconds, and provides 0ms latency backend connectivity. With WebContainer API you can create experiences that were previously impossible for your customers, employees and partners.
head:
  - ['meta', {property: 'og:title', content: *title}]
  - ['meta', {property: 'og:image', content: 'https://webcontainers.io/img/og/commercial_usage.png'}]
  - ['meta', {name: 'twitter:title', content: *title}]
  - ['meta', {name: 'twitter:description', content: *description}]
---
# Commercial Usage

> Supercharge your production Node.js apps with a zero-footprint backend that eliminates the need for servers, boots in milliseconds, and provides 0ms latency backend connectivity. With WebContainer API you can create experiences that were previously impossible. If you're exploring the API for usage in a commercial for-profit context, you're in the right place!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supercharge your production Node.js apps with a zero-footprint backend that eliminates the need for servers, boots in milliseconds, and provides 0ms latency backend connectivity. With WebContainer API you can create experiences that were previously impossible. If you're exploring the API for usage in a commercial, for-profit context, you're in the right place!
```

:::tip Want to discuss your commercial use case?
 [Reach out here to book a meeting with our WebContainer API team!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSertiZLl-za0ZHxsWbd2IrISVft2OpPglykEHpEllPSfnZIUg/viewform)
:::

## Who needs a commercial WebContainer API license? 

> Licensing is required for *production* usage of the API in a commercial for-profit setting (feel free to prototype as much as you like without a license). If you're using the API to meet the needs of your customers, prospective customers, and/or employees you need a license to ensure compliance with our TOS and continued access to the API as you scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Licensing is required for *production* usage of the API in a commercial, for-profit setting. (Prototypes or POCs do not require a commercial license.) If you're using the API to meet the needs of your customers, prospective customers, and/or employees, you need a license to ensure compliance with our [Terms of Service](https://stackblitz.com/terms-of-service). Usage of the API in violation of these terms may result in your access being revoked.
```

i think this is what you're actually saying here?

## WebContainer API for Enterprise
For the most security conscious organizations in the world, the WebContainer API Enterprise offering provides the features you need to meet the requirements of your security team:

> - Self hosted, on-premise, and VPC installation options behind the firewall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Self hosted, on-premises, and VPC installation options behind the firewall
```

Author: Touché sir! 

<img width="819" alt="image" src="https://github.com/stackblitz/webcontainer-docs/assets/1532264/09af0181-ed0c-4bd1-9d9c-2126e8183e6e">

> - Private NPM registry support - Leverage your private packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use your private packages with support for private NPM registries
```
